Irregular verbs.
規則動詞。
第二類。
第二の形と第三の形とが同じなもの。
Bend, bent, bent.
Lend, lent, lent.
Send, sent, sent.
Dwell, dwelt, dwelt.
Bind, bound, bound.
Find, found, found.
Grind, ground, ground.
Wind, wound, wound.
Bring, brought, brought.
Build, built, built.
Buy, bought, bought.
Catch, caught, caught.
Cling, clung, clung.
Dig, dug, dug.
Keep, kept, kept.
Sleep, slept, slept.
Feed, fed, fed.
Feel, felt, felt.
Leave, left, left.
Mean, meant, meant.
Meet, met, met.
Lead, led, led.
Read, read, read.
Fight, fought, fought.
Get, got, got.
Hang, hung, hung.
Have, had, had.
Hear, heard, heard.
Hide, hid, hid.
Hold, held, held.
Lose, lost, lost.
Lost, lost.
Make, made, made.
Say, said, said.
Seek, thought, thought.
Sell, sold, sold.
Shine, shone, shone.
Shoot, shot, shot.
Sit, set, set.
Stand, stood, stood.
Dai san rui.
Dai ni no katachi no mi henka suru mono.
Come, came, come.
Become, became, become.
Run, ran, run.
Dai shirui.
Kisokuteki ni mo, mata kisoku ni mo ataraku mono.
Sono ichi.
Burn, burnt, burnt.
Close, clad, clad.
Dream, dreamt, dreamt.
Learn, learnt, learnt.
Light, lit, lit.
Wake, woke, woke.
Onajiku.
Sono ni.
Hue, hued, hewn.
Mow, mowed, mown.
Show, showed, shown.
Swell, swelled, swollen.
Dai gorui.
Dai ichi, dai ni, dai san no.
Mitsu no katachi ga onaji na mono.
Dai ichi no katachi no mi wo agemasu.
Burst, cast, cost, cut, hit, hurt, let, put, set, shed, shut, spread.